Add info on pytorch lightning #212 (#220)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: _episodes/01-introduction.md

### PyTorch

> [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) was developed by Facebook in 2016 and is a popular choice for Deep Learning applications. It was developed for Python from the start and feels a lot more "pythonic" than TensorFlow. Like TensorFlow it was designed to do more than just Deep Learning and offers some very low level interfaces. [PyTorch Lightning](https://www.pytorchlightning.ai/) offers a higher level interface to PyTorch to set up experiments. Like TensorFlow it's also very easy to integrate PyTorch with a GPU. In many benchmarks it out performs the other libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) was developed by Facebook in 2016 and is a popular choice for Deep Learning applications. It was developed for Python from the start and feels a lot more "pythonic" than TensorFlow. Like TensorFlow it was designed to do more than just Deep Learning and offers some very low level interfaces. [PyTorch Lightning](https://www.pytorchlightning.ai/) offers a higher level interface to PyTorch to set up experiments. Like TensorFlow it's also very easy to integrate PyTorch with a GPU. In many benchmarks it outperforms the other libraries.
```
